Remove RHDM references, add Application Foundations links (#529)
kiegroup/optaplanner-website: optaplanner-website-root/content/community/governance.adoc

The project lead will then publish the roadmap on link:getHelp.html[the developer mailing list],
and update the version information in link:../community/getHelp.html[JIRA].

> OptaPlanner is the basis for the commercial (yet open source) link:../product/services.html[Application Foundations] product,

Author: ```suggestion
OptaPlanner will be the basis for the commercial (yet open source) link:../product/services.html[Application Foundations] product,
```
